LEGITIM:
 The will of the author of this distribution with regard to its succession.

INTENT:
 The intent of this document is to serve as a guide (and authority) to PAUSE
 maintainers as to how to behave around this distribution, especially in times 
 of dispute, or in times where the primary author cannot be found.

 It aims to codify what is meant by certain PAUSE permissions that are granted,
 or may be granted in future, in order to avoid any future ambiguity that stems
 from apparent usage of limited technological features.

 It also aims to serve as a "Mission statement" of sorts for maintainers who
 may be appointed in absence of a primary author.

APPROACH:
 The general overarching strategy of this document is to establish increased
 times for standard take-over and PAUSE-directed changes, while simultaneously
 creating a much shorter timeline for a short-list of appointed trustees to
 make decisions, in effect, shifting the ring of authority from PAUSE back to
 the author of this distribution, and its appointed trustees ( hereafter known
 as CUSTODIANS ), where PAUSE acting as an authority in itself is only to be at
 the behest of AUTHORs or CUSTODIANs, and only acting in its own authority in
 the absence of all of the above, predominantly acting as a facilitator of
 changes, not a decider, and acting only as a decider when absolutely
 necessary.

CHANGES:
 In the foreseeable future that this document is deemed "incomplete" and
 needing adjustment, only changes published by the primary author are
 respected.

 In the event the primary author has been been reappointed, changes to this
 article are not respected until they have held their appointment at least 12
 months.

 Changes may be enacted in a shorter time than this under urgency, but only
 with unanimous agreement from all living members listed in CUSTODIANS.

 If all members of the custodians group fall off the planet, public vote should
 be held by PAUSE admins if acceleration is necessary. ( See PAUSE elections )

DRAFT:
 This is only a draft concept at this time.

GRANTING OF CO-MAINT:
 In the event that the primary maintainer cannot be contacted for 3 or months,
 and there are pressing urgent fixes required, then upon request, anyone listed
 as a CUSTODIAN who is not already listed in CO-MAINT may be granted CO-MAINT
 provisionally, as long as they certify that they will hold to the guidelines
 laid out here for co-maintainers.

 Additionally, members of the CUSTODIAN group can appoint any CPAN author as
 CO-MAINT as long as 2 or more members of said group approve such appointment,
 and the appointee certifies they will hold to the co-maintainer guidelines.
 
 All members must be notified of said appointment though, and a spoken
 dissatisfaction to PAUSE Admins of 2 or more members of this list is sufficient
 to repeal or block appointment.

 In the event there is a conflict in decisions from the CUSTODIAN group, then
 PAUSE admins are instructed to favour the outcome which limits the amount of
 change ( Which would likely err on the side of keeping the CO-MAINT list
 short )

 In the event that less than 2 members of the CUSTODIAN group can be contacted,
 **AND** 12 or more months have passed with no contact from primary maintainer
 or the minimum 2 CUSTODIANS, then any remaining CUSTODIANs have appointment
 authority, and if there are no CUSTODIANs, then and only then can PAUSE admins
 delegate to a CPAN author of their choice via public vote. ( See PAUSE
 elections )

 PAUSE authors must also take responsibility for ensuring the appointee adheres
 to the co-maintainer guidelines, and take steps to undo damage of appointees
 who fail to adhere.

SUCCESSION OF FIRST-COME:
 In the event that the primary maintainer cannot be contacted for 12 or more
 months, upon request, any CUSTODIAN may be granted FIRST-COME provisionally
 so long as all other members listed as CUSTODIANS unanimously agree on the
 appointee.

 If not all custodians can be contacted, then any remaining CUSTODIANs can
 approve by unanimous agreement after 24 months of no-contact from author.

 If no custodians can be contacted after the 24 month no-contact window, then
 PAUSE admins can delegate via a public vote ( See PAUSE elections )

